In the daytime, I'm Marinette.
Just a normal girl,
with a normal life.
But there's something about me
that no one knows yet.
Because I've got a secret.
♪ Miraculous, simply the best
♪ Up to the test
when things go wrong
♪ Miraculous, the luckiest
♪ The power of love
always so strong
♪ Miraculous
♪ Miraculous ♪
I'm not scared. I can do this.
(Takes a deep breath)
- Sorry it took me so long.
- No worries!
You were quicker than ever.
You're getting better at it.
I love you, Little Mouse!
(Loud roadworks)
(Drilling)
Some time ago, during
our Space Dumpster Program,
I promised Parisians
the end of pollution,
and now I'm keeping that
promise with Project Oxygen!
Stop Project Oxygen!
- Stop Project Oxygen!
- Officer Roger,
please deal
with those protesters!
- But they're just kids.
- They're protesters.
- Just do your job.
- Stop Project Oxygen!
Kids, uh, you need to leave now.
We can't, Officer!
This is too important!
They're planning to cut
the trees down!
Yeah, but, ultimately,
there'll be less pollution.
No, that's just
what they want you to think!
Roger! Your job is not to
chit-chat but to maintain order!
Come on, kids,
let's be reasonable.
- Stop Project Oxygen!
Sorry, kids,
I don't have a choice!
I'm escorting you
home to your parents!
Tikki, what do I do?
Should I transform?
I don't know, Marinette. Usually
the police deal with bad guys,
but Mylène and Ivan
are good guys, right?
- TOM: Marinette!
- I'm going be let again!
Quick, Tikki!
- Marinette Dupain-Cheng?
- Aaah! Present.
Mylène Haprèle?
- Mylène?
- She's not here.
Officer Roger
took her and Ivan home
because they were
holding a sit-in
- and blocking a bulldozer.
- What?
- Huh?
- They must have been protesting
the city's plan to rehabilitate
Place des Vosges.
What does "rehabilitate" mean?
It says Project Oxygen will be
a breath of fresh air for Paris.
A breath of fresh air?
It's weird that Mylène and Ivan
would be against it.
Regardless, Officer Roger
has made a huge mistake!
Miss Bustier?
Is there a problem with Sabrina?
No, your daughter is fine.
But there is a problem
with Ivan and Mylène.
They didn't do anything wrong,
did they?
Well, it's complicated.
I'm escorting them home.
- Just following orders.
- I'm ordering you
to bring them back.
I'm coming to get them.
Follow me. Today's class will be
dedicated to civics education
with real-life experience.
Just because there aren't
any supervillains
attacking Paris
doesn't mean
nothing super's going on!
We've never seen Miss Bustier
so worked up, so
get ready to see some action.
Stay connected!
The chainsaw will be operated
only by an adult
who's read the manual.
Everything's in order.
- You may proceed!
- Mr Mayor, what are you doing?
I'm rehabilitating
the Place des Vosges.
- By cutting down a tree?
- Yes, but I...
- Stop Project Oxygen!
- Shh!
Uh, Miss Bustier
told me to do it!
- Who pays your salary, Roger?
- You do, Mr Mayor.
- I mean, Paris City Hall does!
- Then you obey me!
Take those troublemakers
back home!
- Roger, don't do this!
- Whose orders should I follow?
- Stop Project Oxygen!
- You see?
I can't rehabilitate in peace!
They're disrupting my ceremony!
That's because your project is
unethical and un-eco-friendly!
- Nonsense! Look here.
- Huh?
Because air is life,
the city is teaming up
with Paris'
most significant investors
to transform pollution
into pure fresh air
that will be sold
in a unique container
designed by fashion mogul
Gabriel Agreste.
Oxygen isn't just
a breath of fresh air.
It's life itself.
WOMAN:
Oxygen. Get a whiff of life.
He is so beautiful...
Uh, I meant,
it is so beautiful!
Your commitment
to save the planet!
Father told me
it was an ad for a new cologne.
So that's rehabilitating?
It actually looks kind of cool!
Yeah! What's not ecological
about it, Mylène?
It's super eco-friendly!
It'll de-pollute the air
in Paris and make it fresh!
(Sighs) You're being fooled
by pretty pictures!
Shown like that,
Project Oxygen seems great,
but when you look closer at
the details, it doesn't hold up!
In reality, they're cutting down
our best natural filters, trees,
and replacing them
with artificial filters,
their tower,
and making us pay for all of it!
Mr Mayor, instead of destroying
all these trees,
wouldn't it be better
to build more parks?
- Well...
- Who cares about a lame tree
when you can have
a gorgeous container
from Adrikins' Daddy,
Gabriel Agreste, instead?
Besides, there'll be
a tree on the label,
much prettier
than the real thing!
And the floor
will be built with recycled wood
from the trees we cut down.
Very eco-friendly!
And real trees
have to be watered!
Talk about wasting water!
Mayor, perhaps Mylène and Ivan
have misunderstood your project.
Do you really want
to remove the trees,
a cost-free air filter,
and replace them with a tower
that will absorb polluted air?
So you can clean the air
and sell it back in plastic
bottles which will become trash
- and pollute our oceans?
- Yes, that's it.
- CLASS: What?
- I mean, no, of course not!
It's not that simple!
Ecology is complicated,
especially
for children your age.
Leave things to the adults!
So, your project is all about
cutting down our trees
- and closing our park!
- And if Mylène and Ivan
are trying to stop this,
we're on their side!
It's true. His solution for
fighting pollution is misguided.
Like so many
so-called miracle solutions
that are supposed to deal with
ecological problems.
But there's never one solution
that can fix everything.
What we need are lots of small
solutions at the same time.
That's why there has to be a lot
of us, all working together.
Good thing you and Ivan
got involved to stop this.
But why didn't you
tell us about it?
The whole class
would've come with you!
We did, Marinette.
We've been demonstrating against
Project Oxygen for six months
and we did everything we
could to get your attention.
We're so sorry!
We were just so busy doing...
I don't know
what it was we were doing.
- We were so lame.
- This is all very touching,
but I've got a project
to launch!
- Stop Project Oxygen!
Will you let me
rehabilitate in peace?
Tom,
isn't that Marinette, there?
- Mylène?
- What's this clown up to?
Hang on. I'm coming down!
Roger, do something, will you?
To tell you the truth, Mr Mayor,
I've been thinking,
and these kids
are onto something.
You are not paid to think Roger,
but to obey!
Have you lost your mind,
Mr Mayor? These are just kids!
I support my daughter 100%!
No one's messing
with trees on my watch!
I'm trying to help you people!
You're all being ridiculous!
Sorry, Mayor,
but we can't let you do this.
If Adrien wants to save
the trees, we'll save the trees!
Mayor, it seems everyone
is opposed to this project,
including Adrien Agreste, even
though his father is involved!
Are you going to resign?
Yes! I mean, no! I don't know!
- Stop Project Oxygen!
Gabriel? It's André.
I'm a bit overwhelmed here
with our project.
I need your help.
Don't worry.
I'm sure you'll find a way
to change people's minds.
When one fights
for a good cause,
- one always finds a solution.
- (Hangs up)
And if you don't find
a solution, my friend,
destiny will come to your aid.
It's just been confirmed
that citizens
are now banding together
all over Paris
to protect the trees.
What do you have to say?
A powerful man
rendered powerless,
his plans disappear
into thin air!
This calls
for the strongest of actions!
Amok, akuma, go forth
and evilise our dear Mayor!
Malediktator, I am Shadow Moth.
They're challenging
your authority?
Why bother
trying to convince them
when you can make them
change their minds?
I'd like to, Shadow Moth,
but I can't be everywhere
and control
all my fellow citizens at once!
You can't do this alone.
But it's only because
you're lacking a good deputy.
I'm giving you the power to
create your own Sentimonster
to assist you. This will allow
you to be everywhere at once,
and force everyone
to agree with you.
All I ask in return are Ladybug
and Cat Noir's Miraculous.
Excellent political strategy,
Shadow Moth!
(Gasp)
Greetings, my fellow citizens!
- By the power vested in me...
- (Screaming)
-...Mega Leech, clone me!
Here I am, my fellow citizens!
Huh?
Ahem! Now, fellow citizens...
- I will be everywhere!
- Everywhere!
Oh! So that's rehabilitating?
En route for clean air,
my fellow citizen!
You've got it,
No!
And, I might add, long live
Project Oxygen, fellow citizens!
Come on! Plagg, claws out!
Oh, I forbid you to touch me,
my fellow citizen!
And I forbid you to forbid me,
Mr Mini-Mayor!
Get Cat Noir,
my fellow citizens!
Malediktators,
seize his Miraculous!
(Battle cries)
I don't know where you are,
but I could sure use
a helping paw, Milady!
- Come on!
- Marinette! We can't stay here!
Follow me!
Come on! We can hide down there!
Oh, yeah, but I... I can't!
I... I'm afraid of sewers!
There's no shame
in being afraid.
I'm scared, too. Of the dark,
of humidity, of germs,
and even mice! I was really
frightened about protesting
this morning,
but I managed to do it anyway.
We've got to escape and find
a way to help the others!
If you ever get too scared,
hold this
and remember fear is a natural
reflex, but you can overcome it.
How am I gonna do this?
Oh! I know!
Oh, no! A Mini-Malediktator!
Get away, Mylène, run!
I mean, help us to de-pollute
Paris, my fellow citizen!
I know. That wasn't very cool,
but I had no choice.
Come on, Tikki. We need Ladybug.
Spots on!
Milady! Thanks for dropping by!
- That was a close one!
- Let me go!
Lucky Charm!
- An ice skate?
- Release me!
You must respect my authority,
my fellow citizen!
I demand that you stop!
You make it look so simple,
Milady!
No more evildoing for you,
little akuma.
Time to de-evilise!
Gotcha!
Bye-bye!
- Miraculous...
- Ladybug, look. It didn't work!
Take their Miraculous,
my fellow citizens!
The akumas and amoks
must've multiplied
at the same time. Capturing just
one doesn't solve the problem!
- There are millions of them!
- So what's the solution?
The thing is,
there's no one miracle solution.
What we need
are lots of small solutions
that can tackle the problem
at the same time.
That's why there has to be
a lot of us, working together.
And I know who can help us.
Buy us some time, kitty-cat!
How come I'm always the one
who has to "buy some time"?
Catch you later! Woohoo!
So, you want my Miraculous,
fellow citizens?
Then come and get it!
(Sobbing)
- Mylène?
- Don't waste your time on me.
This is all my fault!
I wanted to save the trees
and everyone's uprooting them!
If I hadn't gotten involved,
- this wouldn't have happened!
- You're wrong.
You're not the problem.
You're the solution.
You've got great ideas!
Mylène Haprèle,
here is the Miraculous of...
No! I can't be a superhero!
I'm scared of everything!
Look! I have a badge
for my fear of water,
one for my fear of bees, a
necklace for my fear of badges!
Do you realise how many fears
you've managed to overcome?
These objects
are just like the Miraculous.
And you fight every day
to defend a cause
without anyone noticing.
It's like having
a secret identity.
Truth is, you already are
a superheroine.
You just need one last badge.
Mylène Haprèle,
I am proud to entrust you
with the Miraculous
of the Mouse.
You will use it
for the greater good.
- Boo!
- Aaah!
- (Laughs)
- Mullo, that's not nice.
True courage
is not the absence of fear,
it's persevering
even though you're scared.
You only have to say one thing.
Mullo, get squeaky!
Wow!
With you here,
I know that we can do this!
This'll help you tear
the Mini-Malediktators' sashes!
You'll release the amok
and akuma from all of them
by calling upon your power
of multiplication!
But what about the Sentimonster?
It'll just clone more!
Free them,
I'll deal with the Sentimonster!
- How will you do that?
- We need a lot of people
- to take on the problem!
- That's what I always say!
I told you,
you have great ideas!
It's the only way
to spread your powers around!
- You're scared, but you can --
- Overcome my fear
and go on despite it. I know.
I'm not scared. I can do this.
I'm not scared. I can do this!
Multitude!
- Stop Project Oxygen!
- Nothing will stop it!
Where is my... ?
Aaah!
What am I doing here?
Who are you?
Why are we all so little?
It's all good,
we've got some back-up now.
I've got her,
my fellow citizens!
Bravo, Malediktator!
Take her Miraculous!
Yoohoo!
Aaah!
Milady? What just happened?
You were under the control
of a mini Malediktator!
And you really need to work
on your jokes.
Aaah!
- I gotta buy some more time?
- I must gather the team up.
Hey, guys, wait up! Group pose!
Pegasus, teleport Vesperia!
Voyage!
Venom!
You're up, Ryuko.
Wind Dragon!
Carapace!
Shell-ter!
Time... to...
de-evilise!
Bye-bye!
Thank you, Ladybug.
Miraculous Ladybug!
- Ugh!
- Pound it!
Mr. Mayor,
this is a magical charm.
It'll protect you from becoming
Shadow Moth's victim again.
Thank you, Ladybug.
I really am so sorry.
It's a good thing
you were here to protect Paris.
I'm still worried
about something.
- What about Project Oxygen?
- Well... uh...
It'll have to be re-examined by
a commission of experts, but...
We are counting on you
to do the right thing!
You've been incredibly
courageous today.
You should be proud of yourself!
Bug out!
Thanks to your allies, you stole
my victory from me today.
But I'm already marching
towards the next battle,
and, this time,
I'll be the victorious one.
(Evil laugh)
Parisians, I have heard
the voices of our young people.
They are our future!
A future where
the Place des Vosges will remain
and the trees
will continue to clean our air!
(Cheering)
This shovel will be operated
only by an adult
who's read the manual.
You may proceed.
On behalf of your constituents,
I'd like to thank you
for the wise decision
you've just made.
I only did what was right,
Miss Bustier!
Congrats, Mylène.
You and Ivan won the battle!
We all won together, Marinette.
(Groans) Goodness, it really is
quite difficult to plant a tree.
We'll help you, Mr Mayor.
It's good
we finally opened our eyes,
though you looked gorgeous
in that commercial.
- What was that?
- Nothing!
I just said it was great
we all opened our eyes
to the complex problems
hiding behind that...
gorgeous commercial!
That's what I meant.
Not at all what I said before!
(Nervous laugh)
Adrien! You took a stand
against me today.
I didn't take a stand
against you, Father.
I took a stand against
a project that was bad for Paris
- and for the planet.
- Adrien, go to your room.
Yes, Father.